- [Narrator] If you're a small YouTuber
and your videos are getting zero views,
this two-minute hack
will change everything.
I'm going to show you the hidden settings
that most creators don't even know exist.
Here's the brutal truth.
When you're a new channel,
YouTube has no idea what
your content is about,
or who should see it, so
your videos get buried.
But YouTube actually
tells us how to fix this.
According to YouTube, new
channels must rely on metadata.
Your titles, descriptions,
and other signals
to help the algorithm
understand your content.
But there are three secret settings
that most creators never touch,
that literally teach the
algorithm who you are,
who should see your videos,
and get YouTube to start
recommending your content
to the right people.
I'm about to walk you through each one.
So let's start with the
first one. Channel keywords.
These are invisible keywords
that describe your entire channel,
not just individual videos.
Here's how.
Click your profile photo,
go to YouTube Studio,
then click Settings, then Channel.
You'll see a keyword section
that 99% of creators leave empty.
Add broad keywords like fitness or finance
or whatever your channel is about,
but also add long tail phrases
your audience actually searches for.
Instead of just fitness, add,
"how to lose weight fast,"
or "home workout routines."
As a regular viewer browsing YouTube,
you can't actually see these keywords
that channels are using
to help the algorithm
push your content to the right viewers.
But with a two buddy extension installed,
you can spy on a channel's keywords.
That means you can go look
at the biggest channels
in your niche, see exactly
what keywords they're using,
and model what's working for them.
The second hack is in the
upload default settings.
In that same menu, click Upload Defaults.
This is gold because
every video you upload
will automatically include
these descriptions and tags.
What I want you to do here
is write a description
about your channel, what
it's about, who you help,
what topics you cover.
If you need help, just look
at this video's description,
but think about this
like your elevator pitch
for your channel.
Now, every time you upload a new video,
YouTube will automatically
populate this entire description.
And above it, you can just add
whatever custom description
you have for that specific video.
This saves a load of time,
and make sure that each video
has detailed information
in the description that
helps the algorithm
push your video to the right viewers.
Now, for the third and
final setting, default tags.
This one is massive for new channels,
because tags are one of the main things
that YouTube relies on when
your channel is brand new,
and the algorithm doesn't have enough data
about your content yet.
You'll find this in the
same upload default section.
What you want to do is
add about two to five tags
that describe your channel as a whole.
These tags will automatically be added
to every single video you upload.
No extra work, no remembering
to add them manually.
Just like with keywords,
you want to make sure you
use a mix of broad terms
with long tail phrases.
These three settings work together
like a GPS for the algorithm.
They tell YouTube exactly
where to drive your content,
so your videos can get
recommended to more people.
Now, getting recommended
is just the first step.
If you're looking to get monetized,
watch time is going to be critical.
And if you want to hit that 4,000 hours
of watch time milestone faster,
I just made this video that
I want you to watch next.